README.md, before:

# Spark-Project [![MIT license](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-blue.svg)](https://lbesson.mit-license.org/) [![made-with-javascript](https://img.shields.io/badge/Made%20with-JavaScript-1f425f.svg)](https://www.javascript.com) [![Netlify Status](https://api.netlify.com/api/v1/badges/eb7934dd-c40f-4223-b15b-f61833e728dd/deploy-status)](https://app.netlify.com/sites/soft-longma-6bf6bc/deploys)

Netlify link : https://soft-longma-6bf6bc.netlify.app/

Project Presentation : https://www.canva.com/design/DAFd8M5nU3o/ITydME-Jft2Mg9V6iHpk2Q/view?utm_content=DAFd8M5nU3o&utm_campaign=designshare&utm_medium=link&utm_source=publishsharelink



## Table of Contents 
 
- [Description](#description) 
- [Installation](#installation) 
- [Usage](#usage) 
- [Development](#development) 
- [Contributors](#contributors) 
- [Tests](#tests) 
- [License](#license) 
- [Questions](#questions) 
 


## Description 
Welcome to Spark! This app is a single-page website that people can use to generate prompts for writing, drawing or coding activities. The aim of the app is to spark creativity in the user.
 


## Installation 
The app will load in any browser, and is hosted at the URL above. The app can be accessed and used on any device.



## Usage 
On visiting the site, the user can see a landing page featuring the prompt types available (Writing, Drawing, Coding). The user can navigate to each prompt type via the nav bar at the top of the page. See below for details of each prompts page. The site also features a contact page linking to the GitHubs of each developer for this project, and to the project repo.

### Writing

The writing page consists of 6 categories the user can have prompts from. Each prompt is generated independently, so a user can select only the ones they want to use by clicking the button featuring that category. Each prompt will be a randomly generated word.

### Drawing

The drawing page challenges the user to draw something from two image prompts within a set time limit. The page first lets the user select their desired time limit, and then when the user clicks the start button two random images are shown and the timer countdown begins. The images are one 'setting' and one 'subject' but the images are randomly generated from a set of pre-chosen words and can be abstract. The images will remain on the page when the timer has finished so the user can continue to use them.

### Coding

The coding prompts page allows the user to select their desired difficulty by clicking one of the option buttons. On clicking, the user is presented with a task to try that matches this difficulty. The user can refresh the page for a new challenge, or use the navbar to go back to the coding prompts landing page to change difficulty. Previous projects that the app has set for the user is also displayed on the page.


## Development and Credits

This app is build in React using create-react-app. It was written in JavaScript, JSX and CSS.
The app includes components from Material UI: https://mui.com/material-ui/getting-started/overview/
Animations in the app were made using React Spring: https://www.react-spring.dev/
The countdown timer was made with React Countdown: https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-countdown
The previous coding projects are called from local storage.
Images are generated using the Pixabay API: https://pixabay.com/api/docs/
The Spark logo uses the Broetown Signature font: https://www.1001fonts.com/broetown-signature-font.html


## Contributors 

Nathalie Storey 
https://github.com/NCStorey

Gabriel F 
https://github.com/ExxtremeBattler

Jennifer Hull 
https://github.com/jh871
 

## Tests 

 
## License 
This project is covered under the MIT License. Please refer to the repository for more information.
 

## Questions 
For any questions, please find our contact info below:

Commit message:

polished up readme
- added images
- embedded all links
- removed 'questions' and 'tests' sections

README.md, after:

# Spark-Project [![MIT license](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-blue.svg)](https://lbesson.mit-license.org/) [![made-with-javascript](https://img.shields.io/badge/Made%20with-JavaScript-1f425f.svg)](https://www.javascript.com) [![Netlify Status](https://api.netlify.com/api/v1/badges/eb7934dd-c40f-4223-b15b-f61833e728dd/deploy-status)](https://app.netlify.com/sites/soft-longma-6bf6bc/deploys)

Netlify link : https://soft-longma-6bf6bc.netlify.app/

Project Presentation : https://www.canva.com/design/DAFd8M5nU3o/ITydME-Jft2Mg9V6iHpk2Q/view?utm_content=DAFd8M5nU3o&utm_campaign=designshare&utm_medium=link&utm_source=publishsharelink



## Table of Contents 
 
- [Description](#description) 
- [Installation](#installation) 
- [Usage](#usage) 
- [Development](#development) 
- [Contributors](#contributors) 
- [License](#license)  

## Description 
Welcome to Spark! This app is a single-page website that people can use to generate prompts for writing, drawing or coding activities. The aim of the app is to spark creativity in the user.
 


## Installation 
The app will load in any browser, and is hosted at the URL above. The app can be accessed and used on any device.



## Usage 
On visiting the site, the user can see a landing page featuring the prompt types available (Writing, Drawing, Coding). The user can navigate to each prompt type via the nav bar at the top of the page. See below for details of each prompts page. The site also features a contact page linking to the GitHubs of each developer for this project, and to the project repo.

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/69109391/228548405-d8f64975-a18f-45aa-9263-5191d1a2ee9f.png)


### Writing

The writing page consists of 6 categories the user can have prompts from. Each prompt is generated independently, so a user can select only the ones they want to use by clicking the button featuring that category. Each prompt will be a randomly generated word.

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/69109391/228549360-a91f0aea-8557-425c-bafe-389a1a313bf5.png)

### Drawing

The drawing page challenges the user to draw something from two image prompts within a set time limit. The page first lets the user select their desired time limit, and then when the user clicks the start button two random images are shown and the timer countdown begins. The images are one 'setting' and one 'subject' but the images are randomly generated from a set of pre-chosen words and can be abstract. The images will remain on the page when the timer has finished so the user can continue to use them.

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/69109391/228550126-14c3862b-dc20-4402-aa62-6e382d0503b6.png)

### Coding

The coding prompts page allows the user to select their desired difficulty by clicking one of the option buttons. On clicking, the user is presented with a task to try that matches this difficulty. The user can refresh the page for a new challenge, or use the navbar to go back to the coding prompts landing page to change difficulty. Previous projects that the app has set for the user is also displayed on the page.




## Development and Credits

This app is build in [React](https://react.dev/) using create-react-app. It was written in JavaScript, JSX and CSS.

The app includes components from [Material UI](https://mui.com/material-ui/getting-started/overview/)
Animations in the app were made using [React Spring](https://www.react-spring.dev/)
The countdown timer was made with [React Countdown](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-countdown)
The previous coding projects are called from [local storage](https://javascript.info/localstorage)
Images are generated using the [Pixabay API](https://pixabay.com/api/docs/)
The Spark logo uses the [Broetown Signature](https://www.1001fonts.com/broetown-signature-font.html)font.


## Contributors 

[Nathalie Storey](https://github.com/NCStorey)

[Jennifer Hull](https://github.com/jh871)

[ExxtremeBattler](https://github.com/ExxtremeBattler)

Please contact any of us at the above links if you have any questions.
 
## License 
This project is covered under the MIT License. Please refer to the repository for more information.
